well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so uh today we're going to talk about
donald trump's endorsements
and i know y'all are waiting for the
jokes
you're waiting for me to lead into
talking about how
the opposition of this country for like
two decades
kind of endorsed him and said that he
was wise insane
because they can play him like a fiddle
or maybe bring up the fact that pretty
much
every nation on the planet that is in
opposition to the united states wants
him to remain president
i mean that would be something worth
bringing up i guess or
the nice i mean there's that too
but that's not actually what i want to
talk about mainly because that's
low-hanging fruit and i think there's
gonna be a whole bunch of people talking
about it
there's another group of people who
support donald trump
two groups really
in these groups however misguided they
may be
they believe that donald trump best
represents their interests
they believe that he is the president
who in a second term
can give them what they desire
and these are people who
as wrong as they are are very sincere in
their beliefs
they think that's the way to go
there are people who believe they are
looking out for the best interests of
this country they're wrong
but they believe that
and it's bipartisan it's people on the
left and the right
who support donald trump
if they believe
that armed conflict is necessary
see on the left it's those people who
believe the united states is too far
gone
that it can't be fixed through normal
means
and they believe that donald trump is
going to be a large enough failure
to facilitate it
to make it more palatable to
stage the glorious revolution or
whatever
they they support trump you know
he likes to cast himself as the
opposition to the left
the reality is the left that
he thinks i guess he believes they're
democrats
but they're much further to the left
than democrats
they support him they want him to win
because he's so
bad that it keeps people mobilized
and they believe that he is so
incompetent that he will drive the
country
down making it
easier for them
and then on the right it's those people
who were
like staunchly against the government
just a few years ago but now all of a
sudden
are all for it and want to be like foot
soldiers for the empire
i don't really understand that
transition but i'm certain that means
that they are on
really solid ideological ground
but either way both these groups are
sincere
in their beliefs they're wrong
but they believe it and both of them
want donald trump to win
because it helps further their goals
will be easier to remake the country
under donald trump both sides believe
that
it's interesting to me that the
president's strongest supporters
are those people who
want to watch the country tear itself
apart
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day